awesome
Really didn't expect
How did you meet your opponent?
I want to bet with you again.
I don't believe it.
No, I'm going home first.
If you want these rough stones.
You want to receive
I will give it to you at a fair market price.
Help me first to issue four jade medals.
Then the back is good
But you must bet with me next time.
This time I'm far away
I don't agree, I have to gamble
Attack at any time
The bet is 16 million
Plus two recycled glass raw materials
Is 12 million
A total of 28 million
It's Mr. Hua
Thanks.
By the way, Miss Ye, I'll go back first
I'll cheer you up tomorrow.
Medical skills and gambling
This Chen Hao really surprises me more and more
I must win it back next time.
Sister-in-law's video tonight
It seems that you forgot the last hip.
Why are your legs still so hard when you are about to die?
Master Wang, come out
I'd like to see who dares to provoke us
Who is Lin Shao?